Add extra documentation (#85)
neicnordic/sda-s3proxy: README.md

S3 Upload Proxy

## Introduction
The S3 Upload Proxy is a service used in the Sensitive Data Archive project. It is a proxy setup in front of the S3 backend and it is used for
- allowing the users to perform specific actions against the S3 backend and
- only to specific folders owned by the user performing the action
- hiding the actual bucket name from the user, who can use their username instead

> In order to interact with the S3 proxy, and therefore the S3 backend, the [s3cmd](https://s3tools.org/s3cmd) tool can be used. This tool is using a configuration file, which can be downloading by logging in with the EGA or Elixir account [here](https://login.ega.nbis.se/). For example, to upload a file using the configuration file use

Reviewer: Some weird grammar:
```suggestion
In order to interact with the S3 proxy, and thereby the S3 backend, the [s3cmd](https://s3tools.org/s3cmd) tool can be used. This tool uses a configuration file which can be downloaded by logging in with an EGA or Elixir account [here](https://login.ega.nbis.se/). For example, to upload a file using the configuration file use
```

S3 Upload Proxy

## Introduction
The S3 Upload Proxy is a service used in the Sensitive Data Archive project. It is a proxy setup in front of the S3 backend and it is used for
- allowing the users to perform specific actions against the S3 backend and
- only to specific folders owned by the user performing the action
- hiding the actual bucket name from the user, who can use their username instead

In order to interact with the S3 proxy, and thereby the S3 backend, the [s3cmd](https://s3tools.org/s3cmd) tool can be used. 
This tool uses a configuration file for operating against the S3 backend. A sample named `proxyS3` can be found under the `dev_utils` folder.
For example, to upload a file using the configuration file use

```bash
s3cmd -c <CONF_FILE> put <FILE_TO_UPLOAD> s3://<USERNAME>
```

> where `CONF_FILE` is downloaded from the link above and the `USERNAME` can be found in the configuration file under `access_key`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
where `CONF_FILE` is downloaded from login portal and the `USERNAME` can be found in the configuration file under `access_key`.
```
